LSH - a GNU implementation of the Secure Shell protocols.


LSH IS A WORK IN PROGRESS. IT WILL NOT PROVIDE ANY SECURITY ON SYSTEMS
THAT LACK /dev/random. THERE MAY BE OTHER SERIOUS BUGS THAT MAKE IT
TOTALLY INSECURE.


COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation. See the file COPYING for details.


INSTALLATION

If you have downloaded a release, you should be able to compile it
with

   ./configure
   make

You need GNU make. Some shells have had bugs preventing them from
executing the configure script; if you experience problems, try
running

  bash configure

If you want to hack lsh, you need some more tools: autoconf (at least
version 2.50), automake, bash, gcc, gperf (at least version 2.7) and a
scheme implementation. The currently supported schemes are guile and
scsh (at least version 0.5.2). All but scsh can be found at your local
GNU mirror site. scsh, Olin Shiver's Scheme Shell, can be downloaded
from <URL: ftp://ftp-swiss.ai.mit.edu/pub/su/scsh/scsh.tar.gz>. If you
use guile, you also need the slib library, which is usually
distributed separately. It's also available at the GNU mirrors.

If you have checked out lsh from CVS, things are more complicated. You
must first generate Makefile.am files from the corresponding
Makefile.am.in files. Do this by running ./make_am in the top level
directory. Next, you need to run aclocal, autoconf, autoheader and
automake -a. This creates the configure script and a Makefile.in. Now
you can try ./configure ; make. If the compiler complains that it
can't find a file foo.h.x, try creating it with make foo.h.x, and
similarly for missing foo.c.x files. The misc/bootstrap.sh script
tries to do all this.


NEEDED LIBRARIES

GMP (cersion 2.0.2 or better) can be found at ftp.gnu.org, or some of
its mirrors.

ZLIB can be found at ftp://ftp.cdrom.com/pub/infozip/zlib/zlib.html or
http://www.cdrom.com/pub/infozip/zlib/. Latest version is zlib-1.1.3.


GETTING STARTED

Some examples...

Create a new DSS key pair, and save it in NEW_KEY and NEW_KEY.pub:

  ./lsh-keygen  -l 8 | ./lsh-writekey -o NEW_KEY

Start an lshd server on port 4711, using the key created above as the
server host key:

  ./lshd -p 4711 -h NEW_KEY

Connect to an lshd server running on port 4711 on HOST, and attempt to
log in as USER:

  ./lsh -p 4711 -l USER HOST


MORE INFORMATION

For more information on using LSH, read the LSH manual, doc/lsh.info
or doc/lsh.html.

For an introduction to the inner workings of LSH, see the file
doc/HACKING.

Several people have contributed to LSH, see the AUTHORS file for
details.

If you are interested in lsh, you may want to subscribe to the
psst-list. Subscription address is psst-request@net.lut.ac.uk.

Current snapshots of lsh can be found at
<URL: http://www.lysator.liu.se/~nisse/archive/>.


/Niels Möller <nisse@lysator.liu.se>
